in the case of exempt income for
casual earnings for the sale of
a house of a room
taxpayer who only has his name
this property suits you more to use
exempt income related to the
Article 307 than that granted in
article 311 line 1 since they are 200
exempted sub-themes and article 307 does not
relate conditions as it does the
article 311 line 1 please this
person can use article 307
to determine the exempt income in the
sale of your house since you
more convenient and articles
related to exempt income
because nations do not prevent him from taking the
what is best for you
to see Pablo first
please do not confuse and because what
highlight do not confuse exempt income with
occasional gains among the rents
exempt only apply to income
ordinary well in the ordinary process
today in only apply because neither
even the magnet and the magnet speak to him of
exempt lines that apply is for the
depuration of ordinary income in the
ordinary process here you values
of occasional profits exempt by the
so much when you talk about earning
Occasionally there are no rents you try not
there are exempt rents can there be is
occasional profits hundreds that like
you well say it is in the article
307 and 311 there is obviously not one
when calculating it obviously can
choose the one that is best for you because
there in 307 starts saying the
tax status that
how are you talking about a good
real estate and then he says
the equivalent of the first 7,707 of
value of an urban housing property
property the causer or the
equivalent in the second point of the
7.700 vtv a rural real estate property
the cause independently that said
property has been intended for
housing or economic exploitation and what
same then it says here the 311 that a
times and it is punctually for whom
when it comes to debugging the profit
casual is what has to do with the
utility the sale of house or apartment
if it's your house or apartment room
because up laws independently
that said property was intended
housing or exploitation you are like the
that is the one that suits you